#summary The short list of used main importable libraries in the program.

=Introduction=

The development of the program is based on existing libraries.
The libraries are:
 * Ta-lib
 * JFreeChart

=Descriptions=
==TA-Lib : Technical Analysis Library==
===They say===
TA-Lib is widely used by trading software developers requiring to perform technical analysis of financial market data.
 *  Includes 200 indicators such as ADX, MACD, RSI, Stochastic, Bollinger Bands etc... (more info)
 * Candlestick pattern recognition
 * Open-source API for C/C++, Java, Perl, Python and 100% Managed .NET
Homepage: http://ta-lib.org/

===My opinions===
A god collection of functions... but: it's only ported to java, so from java programings view it's a very bad implementation and a very buggy library... it was last updated in 2007, so there is no hope to be fixed. I found some bugs, they will be listed here soon. The bigest problem is that, I think it's the only open source, free java library now with great function list.

==JFreeChart==
===They say===
JFreeChart is a free 100% Java chart library that makes it easy for developers to display professional quality charts in their applications. JFreeChart's extensive feature set includes:
 * a consistent and well-documented API, supporting a wide range of chart types;
 * a flexible design that is easy to extend, and targets both server-side and client-side applications;
 * support for many output types, including Swing components, image files (including PNG and JPEG), and vector graphics file formats (including PDF, EPS and SVG);
 * JFreeChart is "open source" or, more specifically, free software. It is distributed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public Licence (LGPL), which permits use in proprietary applications. 
Homepage: http://www.jfree.org/jfreechart/

===My opinions===
A very great visualization library to draw charts. I don't use all capabilities but it's god to make the program more interactively, userfriendly.